
Ben is studying in AIU, which has its own website for students. This website is useful to follow your lectures schedule and get information about all your subjects. Everything concerning comfortable studying and getting information about courses composed on Computer Science Department’s website. Nice looking design, comfortable location of menu and submenus. For comfortable using, courses are located in arising way,from 1st year students’ courses to the last year students’ courses. If they have questions about what actually all courses they having will teach them then there is clean description regarding to each subject. There is separate submenu for university faculties,where Ben can find information about teacher and contacts details. All submenus has illustrated photos of university,its classes,labs and etc.  And of course there contact information about university if Ben wants to ask something.

Aibek is a first year student in Computer Science Department (COM) which is part of the faculty of New Technologies in Ala-Too International University (AIU). He is a freshman and he does not know all the teachers. He can easily find out all the information about the teachers, their names, the subjects that they teach and a brief biography about them. So with the help of Computer Science Department site , he knows all teachers.

Venera is a student of Ala-Too International University (AIU) and she wants to know her schedule for Wednesday. For this purpose she can use our web application. Thanks to the links on the main page, she can easily go to the page with the schedule of lectures. There is a table of lectures for all Computer Science Department groups. On the left side of the table are the days of the week. Then second column is a number of groups of Computer Science Department. Venera is  third year student. She should choose schedule for the third course Com-16. The first row of the schedule table is the sequence of student day hours from 8.30 to 4.30. So in Wednesday Venera has four lectures from 8.30 to 10.00 she has Software Engineering -1. From 11.50 to 12.30 she has Probability & Statistics, from 13.20 to 14.50 she has Electrotechnics & Electronics -1 Theory and last lecture is Electrotechnics & Electronics -1 Practice lesson. So thanks to our Computer Science department site , Venera could easily see what lessons she had on Wednesday.
